Hey, I am in Destin. Welcome back to Smarter Every Day. You know you have problems
when you have to disassemble the Tinkertoys to explain a concept. What will you build
(son) Ducks of Tinkertoy, fish and wheel on your ham. [??]
Good idea. What will you do? (Daughter) The sunset. The sunset
OK, because we will start building. Come in.
OK, here at Smarter Every Day we are in the middle of a series about how helicopters work, and yes
Remember, I told you at first that helicopters are very complicated.
So here is the Tinkertoy helicopter I just made, and if you remember the other videos,
I told you that the shovels of the helicopter, as they rotate,
They have the ability to change their way as they turn around
to the rotor's disk. Now, this is called a cyclical step, and if not
You understand this concept, you have to look at this video so you remember
of what I am talking about. Well, we assume we understand well how it works.
This is the question. If I have a helicopter i
I just want to maneuver so that the helicopter leans forward in this way,
How do I change the incline of the rotor's disk? In other words that is,
For me the logic would be to raise the part of the back of the disk
so that would add a lot of ascension here, and that
he would lean forward. This for me makes sense. Does it make sense for you?
Well, here's the question. You are totally wrong if you have it. And here you have
because. Actually you are ascensional to the side
from the helicopter and this slopes the helicopter forward.
The first time I noticed, I got caught up very much, simply because I did not have any intuition
sense, but it has something to do with this device that I have here.
Maybe you've seen some before. A gyroscope is called.
Well, what has this to do with the helicopters? If you think about it,
It's a great mass turning very fast. Look
the helicopter What do we have above? It's a big mass,
turning very fast. So when the rotors are aligned with the body
from the helicopter, if we wanted to tilt the body of the helicopter
Come on like this, I would wait for that
We were in the right phase right here, and I would hope that we would take a little less with this rotor and something more with
This rotor to get it is ... how? (Carl) That does not happen.
It seems that this should be so, but because of precession
gyroscopic, any force on a rotating disk, and these shovels
act as a disc, it has an effect in a phase of
90 degrees. So if we make a force here, push down
or up to tilt the helicopter forward, it will actually take 90 °
Then, and will tilt the side helicopter. So that to lean forward
We add step to the shovel when it is 90 degrees before
to arrive at .. (Destin) Oh, so it's like ... It's almost like predicting the future
or something like that. (Carl) Something like that. (Destin) So, if I want to tilt the helicopter
I'll take a little while when I'm outdated 90 degrees
And I would add a bit there, and would that incline? (Carl) Sip, so
the shovel pushes up here. This pushes down, and this has 90º effect
Then, when it is in parallel with the machine, and the machine inclines, in this way.
If. I do not understand either.
In fact, a Smithsonian ex-driver explained to me
personally, and I still do not understand it. Controlling
90 degrees before, on the cyclic platter. (Destin) As with everything a
Smarter Every Day, I finally understood it when I did an experiment myself.
Okay, because Carl and I have prepared a high tech experiment with
bike wheels The Wright brothers did it. It's enough for me if it's enough for them.
And we have a camera aligned with the device
of force application, which is a strip of metal,
Do you want to explain what is happening there? (Carl) Okay, we'll do ... (Destin) Wait!
I'm better off, forward. (Carl) We will apply
a force, straight up, and how you can see it here
the tire leans in the same plane where we move the bar.
But when you turn, the same will not happen. (Destin) Let's face ... just try it out.
Here we go. I used to play with my exercise machine
Mom when I was 5 years old, so I am highly qualified to apply angular momentum
here.
Angular momentum applied! Put the brakes
(Carl) I try to control that. (Destin) OK. (Carl) Well, now
we will do the same test again. We will apply a force straight up, here.
I ... incline, 90 degrees after the place where we apply force.
(Destin) Okay, that's why it's called prec. [Your] precession
gyroscopic, and basically means applied forces
perpendicular to the plane of rotation, act out of phase 90 ° respect
the point of application. I think it's pretty interesting. Well, I have a rotation plan
of strength here, but in reality it acts in this plan.
And if you look at the horizon, where does the camera look when it goes up, it rolls?
other way round. Mola bastante! Anyway,
Is this. This is why the blades of the helicopter operate out of phase 90 °.
Want to add something? It's been the fact that I've been kneeling all over the place
a cookie of horse? Hey, horse. What do you know about the
gyroscopic precession? [silence] What I thought. [laugh]
I know this was one of the most complicated videos and I hope you understand it. If you like, leave me some
Comment and tell me, to know how to explain things better in the future.
Also, if you are interested, subscribe, because next week we will discuss it
speed limit of helicopters, and it is not for the FAA. It's physical
I'm in Destin. Get smarter every day.
[Andrew Jackson Transcription: captionsbyandrew.wordpress.com] Translation by David Ruscalleda (@ Rusca8)
Subtitles in different languages ​​are welcome. Please contact Destin if you can help.